look you can look fabulous in your 40s
you can look better in your 40s and then
you did in your 30s in their 20s
although Pamela Robson says just because
you've hit middle age doesn't mean you
have to start dressing like a frumpy
granny I think often people still think
that they should look the way their
mothers did at a certain age yet if you
think about it a woman in her 60 today
grew up with blue jeans Pamela hopes our
new grown-up in gorgeous books will help
women in their 40s 50s and 60s create
their own style and reinvent themselves
I think these days women don't
particular want to look like their
daughters they don't want to look 10 or
20 years younger what they're saying is
I want to stay relevant Adele hockey and
Chandra Irvin agree at 46 and 57 they
feel they look about 10 years older but
with busy home and work lives there's
little time to spend on themselves and
Adele admits her choice of clothes isn't
doing her any favors probably not the
best thing I could be wearing but why is
that rushing off this morning getting
those children to school two teenage
boys time for what about you Chandra
pretty old and frumpy Kevin just not
vegetable so using tips from the growing
up in gorgeous books we've decided to
give the ladies a makeover starting with
your hair
adele is getting a new color and shape
to add life to her face Chandra needs a
cropped style and highlights to soften
her features the right hair style and
color can take years of your age and
risk feel chirnside stylist Danielle
calots says don't worry about going gray
it suits some women better I have had
some clients that look amazing gray and
so that really cut really short looks
amazing with their coloring you've got
to have the confidence to grow gray
that's the thing so I think it's a
personal thing how they feel so with
more flattering hairstyles it's make up
next where it's all about toning things
down and creating a more natural look ok
Adele so we're going to start with your
eyes I think because you're used to
wearing heavy eye makeup you're not sure
how to tone it down and how to go light
up so what we're going to do today is
get get rid of all your black and all
your heaviness and make it a little bit
lighter but for Shandra a light matte
foundation is needed take the red nuts
out of your skin and give her a softer
look
hair and makeup done it's time to get
out of those frumpy clothes our stylists
Danielle says as you get older you need
to dress for your body shape and choose
styles which camouflage trouble spots
getting a nice long skirt nice flat at
the front and using the black cardigan
at the top especially the fact that it's
got ruching and sort of like more of a
ribbing effect in the middle has totally
hid your stomach in these straight jeans
your legs look like they go for miles
especially with the great little wedge
which is a neutral color with lifts it
all up a bit as well you do hold a
little bit of your weight in your tummy
but this jacket hides that and makes you
look amazing and for after five where a
dash of color to complement the skin and
hair a V Beck to add shape and ruching
to make the tummy appear flatter tops
cut under the bust and a-line skirts
both give the body a slimmer look so to
look grown-up and gorgeous over 40 a few
things to remember a haircut with body
and lay it around the face is better for
a woman in her 40s and 50s short layered
cuts are best for the over-60s lose the
heavy eyeliners and eyeshadows and use
natural foundations and colors instead
avoid mumsy outfits and get a properly
fitted bra to help give your clothes a
better shape so what about the old
clothes you have in the wardrobe now
le chien comes tomorrow